#4dpzbk / - #2bj0dv - Add meta tags (#395)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/core/software/pupil-service.md

---
permalink: /core/software/pupil-service

> description: Pupil Service is like Pupil Capture except it does not have a world video feed or GUI. It is intended to be used with VR and AR eye tracking setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Pupil Service is a GUI-less real-time eye tracking software used primarily with Pupil Labs VR/AR eye tracking add-ons. 
```
